hi this is James at the turn at our
studio I have here the vox VT 40-plus so
this is vox is new model ii now so some
of the features on this include there
are 33 different amps that they model
two separate channels for digital
effects so they got everything from
distortion not dude boosts and an
acoustic effects simulator to you know
delays flanders phasers pitch shift and
then also on the separate one is their
reverb so you can really really blend
and mix any sort of combination you want
with all these different amps that have
different types of distortions and
what-have-you to really get you know any
any kind of sound you could possibly
want it's also got its 3 band eq a
volume game master and the power level
that's a power level is changes the
wattage that it outputs so even though
it's a 40 watt amp you can put it all
the way up to 60 watts so it'll be
really over driven there or you can turn
it down to you know i don't know what
exactly did it say the numbers but you
can turn it way down so even at a very
very low volume you can still get really
good over driven sounds but you can't
get on a normal amp a normal high
wattage amp
if you turn it down to a level that you
could talk over say then you would lose
all your gain and your overdrive or the
things like that so you can get really
good tone at any volume and you can get
all sorts of different sounds it also
has a built-in tuner i was bypass and
and i guess
ten different banks that you can can
save you know different presets in and
whatnot in order to you know have a
custom song so you don't have to fiddle
around with all the switches find
exactly what you want every time so
right now I have it on there Vox ac30
mode so there's no effect
and
and then if I throw it on say to UK
metal
right so you got really good distortion
there and you switch through even more
and you can put stuff like if I go back
to the Vox ac30 I can put on an
overdrive
and then server back to just Vox ac30
and I can put reverb on there
and then you can always throw uh you
know something like a delay
all sorts of stuff you can play around
this you know there's tons and you could
spend months of this thing never really
get to every different combination of
different sounds that you can can get
out of it so it's really really
versatile and it is really loud for you
know the size and whatnot so it'll work
great as a practice app it's really
mobile and you can turn it down even if
you're living in a small apartment or
your parents or whatever and you can
turn it down and still get a great tone
and if you wanted to gig with this thing
I mean with it's not a big place you
could I mean it's got some serious
serious volume so yeah that's the Bucs
BT 40-plus so if you want to come and
try it out our information is all on
there you can just come in any and you
tell them we're open be happy to let you
play on it thanks